(gentle upbeat music)
♪ You were working as a
waitress in a cocktail bar ♪
♪ When I met you ♪
♪ I picked you out, I shook you up ♪
♪ And turned you around ♪
♪ Turned you into someone new ♪
♪ Now five years later on you've
got the world at your feet ♪
♪ Success has been so easy for you ♪
♪ But don't forget it's me who
put you where you are now ♪
♪ And I can put you back down too ♪
♪ Don't, don't you want me ♪
♪ You know I can't believe it ♪
♪ When I hear that you won't see me ♪
♪ Don't, don't you want me ♪
♪ You know I don't believe you ♪
♪ When you say that you don't need me ♪
♪ It's much too late to find ♪
♪ When you think you've
changed your mind ♪
♪ You'd better change it back
or we will both be sorry ♪
(lively upbeat music)
♪ Don't you want me, baby ♪
♪ Don't you want me, oh ♪
♪ I was working as a
waitress in a cocktail bar ♪
♪ That much is true ♪
♪ But even then I knew I'd
find a much better place ♪
♪ Either with or without you ♪
♪ The five years we have had
have been such good times ♪
♪ I still love you ♪
♪ But now I think it's time
I lived my life on my own ♪
♪ I guess it's just what I must do ♪
♪ Don't, don't you want me ♪
♪ You know I can't believe it ♪
♪ When I hear that you won't see me ♪
♪ Don't, don't you want me ♪
♪ You know I don't believe you ♪
♪ When you say that you don't need me ♪
♪ It's much too late find ♪
♪ When you think you've
changed your mind ♪
♪ You'd better change it back
or we will both be sorry ♪
♪ Don't you want me, baby ♪
♪ Don't you want me, oh ♪
(lively upbeat music continues)
♪ Don't you want me, baby ♪
♪ Don't you want me, oh ♪